README.md, before:

This repository hosts the [Fullscreen API Standard](https://fullscreen.spec.whatwg.org/).

### Code of conduct

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all. Please read and
respect the [WHATWG Code of Conduct](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Code_of_Conduct).

### Contribution opportunities

Folks notice minor and larger issues with the Fullscreen API Standard all the time and we'd love
your help fixing those. Pull requests for typographical and grammar errors are also most welcome.

We'd be happy to mentor you through this process. If you're interested and need help getting
started, leave a comment on the issue or ask around [on IRC](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/IRC).

### Pull requests

See the [html repository's README](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/README.md) for the
general guidelines. Note that `source` is `Overview.src.html` and "Acknowledgements" is
"Acknowledgments" here (I know). Also, the Fullscreen API Standard uses
[Anolis](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Anolis) to generate `Overview.html`. (Do not worry if using
that tool is too complicated, your pull request does not need to contain the generated HTML.)

### Merge policy

If you can commit to this repository, see the
[html repository's TEAM](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/TEAM.md) for guidelines.

### Tests

Tests have not yet been created.
[Contributions welcome!](https://github.com/w3c/web-platform-tests/issues/2656).

Commit message:

Editorial: convert to bikeshed
Steps to reproduce:

 * Convert fullscreen.bs by pasting into this one-off tool:
   https://gist.github.com/foolip/f60a1614fb5d194aad4dbff89c54ceb3
 * Manually finish conversion to Bikeshed, tweaking as needed to match
   the existing output as closely as possible.
 * Export top layer and its add/remove concepts for HTML.
 * Rewrap to 100 columns, taking care not to wrap inside elements.
 * Update README.md and remove Makefile.

Finally, to compare the new fullscreen.html with the old:

  for (var e of document.querySelectorAll('*')) {
    if (e.id)
      console.log('id: ' + e.id);
    if (e.hasAttribute('href') && e.className != 'self-link')
      console.log('href: ' + e.getAttribute('href'));
  }

Existing IDs/links affected:

 * #table-of-contents → #toc
 * #refsCSS → #biblio-css (and similar)
 * #anolis-references is gone

The old and new fullscreen.html were also copied from a browser into
plaintext and compared to verify no accidental differences. The biggest
differences are in the references section.

Fixes #47.

README.md, after:

This repository hosts the [Fullscreen API Standard](https://fullscreen.spec.whatwg.org/).

### Code of conduct

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all. Please read and
respect the [WHATWG Code of Conduct](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Code_of_Conduct).

### Contribution opportunities

Folks notice minor and larger issues with the Fullscreen API Standard all the time and we'd love
your help fixing those. Pull requests for typographical and grammar errors are also most welcome.

We'd be happy to mentor you through this process. If you're interested and need help getting
started, leave a comment on the issue or ask around [on IRC](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/IRC).

### Pull requests

See the [html repository's README](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/README.md) for the
general guidelines.

Please add your name to the Acknowledgments section in your first pull request, even for trivial
fixes. The names are sorted lexicographically.

To generate `fullscreen.html`, [bikeshed](https://github.com/tabatkins/bikeshed) can be used. Do not worry
if using that tool is too complicated; your pull request does not need to contain the generated HTML
to be accepted. If you _do_ want to use it, the easiest way is probably via the HTTP API:

```
curl https://api.csswg.org/bikeshed/ -f -F file=@fullscreen.bs > fullscreen.html
```

### Merge policy

If you can commit to this repository, see the
[html repository's TEAM](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/TEAM.md) for guidelines.

### Tests

Tests have not yet been created.
[Contributions welcome!](https://github.com/w3c/web-platform-tests/issues/2656).
